[DEVX-1756] Add docs for --update-snapshots in playwright config (#1317)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/yaml.md

```
---

#### `updateSnapshots`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | BOOLEAN |</small></p>

Whether to update expected snapshots with the actual results produced by the test run. Playwright test supports visual comparisons [details](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-snapshots).

```yaml
    updateSnapshots: true
```

To run test with saucectl, you can follow the instructions.

> 1. Use the following config to download generated baseline screenshots in the first run. The baseline screenshot can be found in the artifacts folder and named `example-test-1-actual.png`.

Author: In general, screenshots can be snapshots while snapshots might not be screenshots only.

> 1. Use the following config to download generated baseline screenshots in the first run. The baseline screenshot can be found in the artifacts folder and named `example-test-1-actual.png`.

Reviewer: Thank you!

```yaml
artifacts:
  download:
    when: always
    match:
      - console.log
      - "*.png" // this will download the new baseline screenshots
```

> 2. Create a snapshot folder for the test file. e.g. for `tests/example.test.js` test file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a snapshot folder for the test file (e.g., `tests/example.test.js`).
```

```bash
$ mkdir tests/example.test.js-snapshots
```

> 3. Move downloaded baseline screenshots to the snapshots folder. Then you can start visual comparison via saucectl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Move the downloaded baseline screenshots to the snapshots folder. These screenshots will be accessible to playwright in the next test run.
```

> 3. Move the downloaded baseline screenshots to the snapshots folder. These screenshots will be accessible to playwright in the next test run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Move the downloaded baseline screenshots to the snapshots folder. These screenshots will be accessible to Playwright in the next test run.
```

```bash

> $ mv artifacts/{Your-suite-name}/example-test-1-actual.png tests/example.test.js-snapshots/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ mv artifacts/{your-suite-name}/example-test-1-actual.png tests/example.test.js-snapshots/
```

```

> 4. As long as `updateSnapshots` is set to `true`, playwright will continue to update the baseline screenshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set `updateSnapshots` to `true`. Playwright will continue to update the baseline screenshots.
```

> 4. If you want to update the baseline snapshots, you can set `updateSnapshots` in sauce config. The newly generated baseline screenshots can be downloaded as artifacts later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. As long as `updateSnapshots` is set to `true`, playwright will continue to update the baseline screenshots.
```
